Warehouse Actions Sources updates (#424)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: warehouse-actions/common-settings/sync-modes.mdx

---
title: "Sync Modes"
description: >- 
Detailed technical description of the upsert and mirror sync modes for the Warehouse Actions sources.
---

> # Sync Modes

Reviewer: We can add a FAQ section for sync modes. and add one below.

Q: What happens to the records which have not been sent successfully to the destination in the previous sync?
A: If there is an unsuccessful event Rudderstack would try to send in the next sync.
CC: @RanjeetMishra @vyeshwanth Any specific to add if any.

> # Sync Modes

Reviewer: We can add.
`Both modes are default `incremental`. Incremental means syncing only the new data.`
However, user has the option to run the `full` sync manually`

Author: Included this. Please verify once.

Reviewer: @ameypv-rudder  There isn't any new commit.

Author: sorry forgot to push the change :P can you check now

> All the Warehouse Actions sources currently support two modes that let you define how you want to sync your data. These are **Upsert** and **Mirror mode**.

Reviewer 2: Not all warehouses support mirror mode. shall we we use something like this?
```suggestion
Warehouse Actions sources currently support two modes (available based on warehouse and destination chosen) that let you define how you want to sync your data. These are **Upsert** and **Mirror mode**.
```

Reviewer: @ameypv-rudder By mistake, I overlooked this comment. This comment makes sense.
But we can be specific when talking about the type of warehouse chosen. Currently only Redshift, Postgres, Snowflake, BQ supports upsert, mirror.

Author: I'll update this while pushing the doc fixes - no problem

The following sections explain these data sync modes in detail.

## Upsert

In this mode, RudderStack supports insertion of new records and updates to the existing records, while syncing data to the destination.

<div class="infoBlock">

> A full sync is run whenever the column mapping is changed.

Reviewer: 1. ` A full sync is run ` -> `The next sync would be full sync`.
2. Also, this is true for both upsert, mirror. We can move it to a commonplace.

</div>

## Mirror mode

<div class="infoBlock">

This mode is currently supported only for the <a href="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/advertising/fb-custom-audience/">Facebook Custom Audience</a> destination.
</div>

> In this mode, RudderStack supports insertion, updates, and deletion of records while syncing data to the destination.

Reviewer: In `supports` we should tell the user that this is what Mirror do for you.
`Rudderstack supports keeping the destination data the same as the source data.` something like this can be added.

And after this we can add the existing line with a small change
`supports` -> `can perform`

Author: this is done.
